RHDEVDOCS-5877: Adding Content for NotificationsConfiguration GA (#72540)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/proc_configuring-by-using-the-ocp-web-console.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * <add list of assemblies where this module is included >

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```
Add missing metadata.

Author: Fixed.

[id="configuring-by-using-the-ocp-web-console_{context}"]
= Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the {OCP} web console

> You can configure `NotificationsConfiguration` (CR) by using the {OCP} web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the  `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using the {OCP} web console.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add the notifications feature should be enabled as a prerequisite.

Go to Argo CD CR -> Click Edit -> YAML 
Under Spec,
Notifications:
 enabled: true

Author: Hi @iam-veeramalla, I have provided a link at the end of this procedure in the Additional Resources section for Enabling notifications with an Argo CD Instance. I've also added another line in the procedure. The user can click the link for the section and will be referred to it. Hope this resolves the query.

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges and are logged into the web console.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance. For more information, see *Enabling notifications with an Argo CD instance*.

.Procedure

. Go to the *NotificationsConfiguration* page and click `default-notifications-configuration`.

> . On the *default-notifications-configuration* page, click *YAML* and add the configuration for any supported resources such as Templates, Triggers, Services, and Subscriptions. For example, under `Templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration for *Templates*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *default-notifications-configuration* page, click *YAML* and add the configuration for any supported resources such as `Templates`, `Triggers`, `Services`, and `Subscriptions`. For example, under `Templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:
```

Author: Fixed.

+

> .Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example template configuration
```

Author: Fixed.

[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |

>     Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.

Reviewer: Again, we could possibly add some callouts. Here it would be anough to just add a callout that would say: this configuration adds a custom template to the the  `NotificationsConfiguration` CR. 

or something similar.

Author: Fixed.

----

. Click *Save*.

.Verification

> . To validate the changes made in the `NotificationsConfiguration` page, go to *Workloads* → *ConfigMap* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To verify the changes made on the `NotificationsConfiguration` page, go to *Workloads* → *ConfigMap* .
```

. Click *argocd-notifications-cm* and select the *YAML* tab.

> . Scroll through the page in the *YAML* tab to validate the sample configuration added for the *Templates* resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Scroll through the page in the *YAML* tab to verify the sample configuration added for the *Templates* resource.
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-by-using-the-ocp-web-console_{context}"]

> = Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the {OCP} web console

Reviewer: Again, I would just make sure that the ID and title are the same.

Author: Fixed.

> = Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the {OCP} web console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the web console
```

Author: Fixed.

> = Configuring NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the web console

Author: Fixed.

> = Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration (CR) by using the web console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using the web console
```

Author: Fixed.

> You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` CR by using the web console.

Reviewer 3: I know this section is nested within another one but because it's technically a new section, CR should be spelled out in its first instance. And since it seems to be the only time it's used in this section, it probably doesn't even need an abbreviation:
```suggestion
You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource by using the web console.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges and are logged into the web console.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.

> * You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance. For more information, see xref:../argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties#gitops-argo-cd-notification_argo-cd-cr-component-properties[Enabling notifications with an Argo CD instance].

Reviewer 3: We can't use xrefs in modules, it might work but it's not something we're supposed to do. If you really want to link to this section, you'd want to create an additional resources section under the line where this module is included in the assembly and provide an xref there. Either way, this is what this list item should be without the xref:
```suggestion
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance. For more information, see "Enabling notifications with an Argo CD instance".
```

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

> . Go to the *NotificationsConfiguration* page and click `default-notifications-configuration`.

Reviewer 4: @Dhruv-Soni11 Can you please mention which perspective we must use to go to this page?

Author: Fixed.

. On the *default-notifications-configuration* page, click *YAML* and add the configuration for any supported resources such as `templates`, `triggers`, `services`, and `subscriptions`. For example, under `templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:
+
.Example template configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |
    Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.
----

. Click *Save*.

> . Verify the changes on the `NotificationsConfiguration` page by performing the following steps:

Reviewer 3: Up to you but I think the end of this step could be removed and the meaning would still be clear:
```suggestion
. Verify the changes on the `NotificationsConfiguration` page:
```

Author: Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argocd_instance/argo-cd-cr-component-properties.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="configuring-the-notificationsconfiguration-by-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
= Configuring the NotificationsConfiguration CR by using the web console

> You can configure the `NotificationsConfiguration` custom resource by using the web console.

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to an {OCP} cluster with `cluster-admin` privileges and are logged into the web console.
* You have installed the {gitops-title} Operator on your cluster.
* You have enabled notifications for the Argo CD instance. For more information, see "Enabling notifications with an Argo CD instance".

.Procedure

> . Open the *Administrator* perspective of the web console and go to the *NotificationsConfiguration* page.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. In the *Administrator* perspective of the {OCP} web console, go to the *NotificationsConfiguration* page.
```

> . In the *Administrator* perspective of the {OCP} web console, go to the *NotificationsConfiguration* page.

Author: Fixed.

> . On the *NotificationsConfiguration* page, click `default-notifications-configuration`. 

Author: Fixed.

. On the *default-notifications-configuration* page, click *YAML* and add the configuration for any supported resources such as `templates`, `triggers`, `services`, and `subscriptions`. For example, under `templates` in the code, add the following sample configuration:
+
.Example template configuration
[source,yaml]
----
  template.my-custom-template: |
    message: |
    Application details: {{.context.argocdUrl}}/applications/{{.app.metadata.name}}.
----

. Click *Save*.

> . Verify the changes on the `NotificationsConfiguration` page:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. Verify the changes on the *NotificationsConfiguration* page:
```

Author: Fixed.

> . Verify the changes on the *NotificationsConfiguration* page:

Author: Fixed.

> .. Go to *Workloads* → *ConfigMap*.

Author: Fixed.

.. Click *argocd-notifications-cm* and select the *YAML* tab.

> .. Scroll through the page in the *YAML* tab to verify the sample configuration added for the *templates* resource.

Author: Fixed.
